Sample Proposal

Team Details:
Team Leader: sakshya
Name: Anand vivek
Roll Number: 240003006
GitHub:   https://github.com/AnandVivek-iiti 
LinkedIn:   https://www.linkedin.com/in/anand-vivek-134b56312
Skills: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Tailwind, React, Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Git

Other Team Members:
sakshya , riyaz

Domain: Web Development
PS Name: Time Table Management System for IIT Indore
PS Number: 14
Preference Number: 2


---

Project Solution:
we will build a web to help our community of IITI . we will Develop a web-based time table management application for IIT Indore.   
We will design user friendly , responsive web user interface with frontend tech stacks like react , js , tailwind , css , html 
backend : node , express
database : mongoDb , mongogoose 
First of all we will make a search bar to search profs and their  We will make  a admin .dashboard in which we prof will create timetable   and are able to edit timetable , include or delete courses, update timetable , showing location of classes  , courses timeline and its related stuff.
We will make a student section which will show timetable of classes ,course details ,  course timing and duration . we will use databse like mongoDb for it.  
this will include a prof section also in which :
profs can view their assigned courses , 
That will allow student to submit requests for timing changes, which admins can 
approve or reject, with updates reflected across all relevant time tables. 
Provide a feature for professors to create polls to gather student input on suitable 
class times, with results visible to admins for decision-making.  in which student can request for new timetable for a particular sub
we will also include a new section in it which is called Feedback given by students in which student can give feedback to profs , and can view feedback of any prof if allowed by the director of IITI.  we will add google calender for showing  holidays list and timetable change for any class extra  class notification will be given for it 
We will try to add some optional features to view timetable without internet connect .
Chat or messaging feature for professors to discuss timing changes with admins. 
Conflict detection to alert admins about overlapping schedules or room bookings. 
Analytics dashboard for admins to track course enrollment or schedule change requests. 
we also add  a notes and study material section so instead of mailing and google classroom prof will upload study material , assignments .
we will add a examination section to provide schedule of timetable of exams , quizs , assignment,  midsem , end sem , 
and marks of students if prof want to send . 
we will add a student profile section also student can see his enrolled course his quizs  marks , and remarks by profs  or marks .
---

Technologies to be Used:
Frontend: React.js / HTML / CSS / Tailwind / JavaScript 
Backend: Node.js with Express.js
Database: MongoDB with Mongoose
Deployment: GitHub
Design: Figma
Version Control: Git + GitHub / VS code



---
for proposal 
we will start on 2 June 
in first week : designing
week 2 & 3  : frontend 
week 4 :  backend  (at least half )
mid term evaluation of project  
weak 5 & 6 : backend plus databse
week 7  : deployment , report , Readme 
week 8 :   presentation and some Improvement